---
title: "Week 0: First post"
description: ""
pubDate: "Sep 08 2023"
heroImage: "/blog-placeholder-1.jpg"
---

## Follow along with me

I already had enough of being average. I thought if I got a good education and tried hard in school the rest of my life would be set. I went to UBC for physics and focused on computer science. I wanted to study physics and wanted to work as a software engineer. I studied a lot of CS, I joined a UBC computer science lab as a research assistant and I thought that would be good. Come graduation time and I am struggled to get even responses to my applications. Today marks 9 months of struggling to find a junior software position. I can partly blame the market for that. It seems to be tough for many of my friends, but there is still undeniably a skill issue. I need to both become a better developer, and improve my marketing and networking.

This is the first in a series of weekly posts that will follow my progression to becoming a software engineer. Every week will have 3 tasks. One engineering task, one computer science task, and one personal marketing task. Additionally, I want to try to make software that actually helps people solve problems. I hope to write every week about what I build to help others, and what I am doing to be a better engineer and add value. Each week I will report on each task, then set the goals for the coming week. See you then!

### Tasks

##### Engineering: Polish Golang Skills

The reason why I'm choosing to polish my golang skills instead of using python, which I'm more used to is because I am more bulish that golang will become more ane more used in software engineering due to its performance and simplicity. The language is growing rapidly and I loved working with it during my last project with it. I think it's important to pick one language and stick to it, so I plan on sticking to go as much as possible from now on unless a project requires another language.

##### Science: 5 Daily LeetCode Problems

I would love to spend more time on esoteric textbooks hahaha but I want to start practical and then move on to more esoteric topics. Once I finish the NeetCode 150 problemset (Blind 75 + 75), I will probably spend some more time with the CLRS textbook, then choose another topic from there.

##### Marketing: Polish online presence

I'll make my LinkedIn, Github, and this website look better and start posting.
