---
title: "Week 1: Go week"
description: ""
pubDate: "Sep 15 2023"
heroImage: "/Gopher.jpeg"
---

## How last week went

### What I learned

- Lots and lots of Go Syntax
- Simple Parallel Programming
- OS Threads vs CPU Threads vs Processes
- CORS and how to avoid its errors
- Some Golang HTTP library basics
- Golang JSON marshalling and unmarshalling
- Client side Caching

### Tasks from last week

##### Engineering: Polish Golang Skills

I completed this week's engineering goal with flying colors. I refreshed what I knew and learned a ton more about the language. I ended up doing too much engineering in fact, and neglected the other tasks till last minute.

##### Science: 5 Daily LeetCode Problems

This was not feasible given I was still refreshing my Golang skills and wanted to complete LeetCode problems with Golang instead of Python. This week's tasks will be set to be more achievable.

##### Marketing: Polish online presence

I spent hours optimizing my resume with the advice of the subreddit r/EngineeringResumes. I've also been modifying the website slowly throughout the week and I think it's better. My Github looks slightly better than before with more commits every day, and the new website link. I didn't manage to update my LinkedIn. There is a lot more work involved in polishing these things than I expected.

### Tasks for this week

##### Engineering: Build a CLI ticketing system

I will be building a ticketing system in the CLI. This should be my first app that is intended to be maintained for the foreseeable future.

##### Science: Two Daily LeetCode Problems

Last week this was not feasible, but this week I believe it will be. 2 problems a day is manageable, and I will become more proficient at solving problems by doing so.

##### Marketing: Network

Find one recurring networking event with software engineers and start attending it.
